By the way, the supervisor
I would like to ask you about another person
A student who built the beard
Named Zhou Qian
week ago
I don't know any Zhou Qi
But I know a man named Sun Qiang
And this person is the eldest son of Sun Li and others
What!
Is this person focused?
Good so
I figured it all out when I got back from the Kokusai
What if you've been to the Kokusai?
It's not my next step yet
Sun Qian, Sun Qian
You think I know who you are?
Why did you tell you that I was out?
Didn't I know it would be dangerous?
You left behind
What am I doing?
You are courting death
Young Master, he must be the king of words to deceive you
Don't be fooled, son, shut up
Since Brother Sun dare not kill me
Why don't you let me out?
wife
Do you really think I can't deal with you?